# April 8th, 2017

## Cast

### Player Characters

* Ix- halfing rouge

### Non-player Characters

#### Dragon's Snout

* Anastasia- elven wizard from Dragon's Snout
* Hugo- ??? Anastasia's bodyguard
* Zeke- ??? Anastasia's scholar

#### Rasc

* Dong- Dwarfen Hunter
* Garal- Dwarfen King

## Story So Far

Ix, a passing halfing, hears about a job by the local wizard, Anastasia, of Dragon's Snout and goes to the wizard's Tower.  After he meets the wizard and her bodyguard, Hugo, and scholar, Zeke, he learns that the job would require him to help them to explore a cave system that is a half-day's ride northeast on a wagon with two horses.

Ix's spent the rest of his time getting ready for the trip and also learning about why she asked him to assist with the job. He learned from Zeke that there are rumors, from some books, that is a ancient dwarfen city called Rasc.

On the way to the cave system, the group was attacked by a small band of bandits. Ix was told to give up five coins, by the band's leader, and he did but another shot them with a crossbow but missed. The band's leader said that they maybe hiding something in the wagon. Hugo quickly kills one of the raiders while the other raider reported back to the leader that there is nothing in the wagon but supplies. That was at the half-way mark to the cave system. The other part was event-less and the night by the cave system was also.

The group entered into the cave and quickly ran into a fork in their path. At first, they went into a path that was a dead end. They quickly turned around and took the other path. In the first half of an hour, the wizard was attacked by a choker- a humanoid without a face that likes to choke people. The rest quickly fended and killed it off.

After catching their breath, the group made their way to a large carven that is supremely filled with a forest because of a opening in the roof of the carven. They spent a short amount of time resting near the opening and started to move on near the wall. After an hour or so of walking, they ran into a boar that was crossing the path. Lucky, the boar didn't see them and was also shot and killed by an arrow from an unknown source that showed itself after a moment after the kill.  The source was a hunter dwarf by the name Dong who helped the group to learn about Rasc and get to the city. 

When they got to the city, Dong took them to see the King and the four learned from the dwarfen king that the dwarfs believe that they are imprisoned underground for a 1000 years. The three outsides think that they only need sunlight to see the truth.

The session ends with the group resting in a guest villa.

## What was learned?

* There is a halfling settlement named Crookstone

* Dwarfs ride rams that are close to their height

